main bg color: #001220

new About me: 
  My name is Carlos R. Cáceres Martínez and I am a cook and Full Stack Web Developer with expertise in Python and JavaScript. My main framework for Python is Django and Express with Node JS for JavaScript. I am proficient in both SQL and No-SQL for database management and have experience using Django, SQLite3, Mongo DB and Google Firebase. I am planning to learn Postgre SQL to adapt to different client and development needs.
  I am experienced in using React JS for front-end development and am familiar with various front-end libraries and frameworks such as React Boot-Strap, Tail-Wind CSS, Boot-Strap, Pure CSS and Animate CSS. In addition, I am also familiar with WordPress for CMS. I am also comfortable with JQuery for legacy maintenance. I use Balsamiq to keep my designs organized. I am able to use Google Firebase and React JS to perform CRUD methods in a secure manner using the dotenv package.
  I am comfortable working with Windows and Linux operating systems. I have experience deploying on AWS EC2, Heroku, Netlify and Ngrok, and I am planning to learn Google Cloud for deployment to diversify my skills. I also intend to buy an Apple computer in the future to learn the OS and Swift. I have also prepared a short video to showcase my ability to be on camera and properly edit content.



  Hi, my name is Carlos R. Cáceres Martínez and I am a Full Stack Web Developer. 
  I bring a unique blend of technical expertise and creativity to the table. 
  My proficiency in Python (Django) and JavaScript (Express + Node JS) 
  allows me to develop dynamic and responsive web applications. 
  I have experience working with a variety of databases, 
  including SQL and No-SQL (SQLite3, Mongo DB, Google Firebase) 
  and have a strong understanding of front-end development, 
  including React JS, React Boot-Strap, Tail-Wind CSS, Boot-Strap, Pure CSS, Animate CSS, JQuery and WordPress for CMS.
  I am also familiar with Balsamiq for design organization. 
  I am experienced in deploying web applications on various platforms, including AWS EC2, Heroku, Netlify and Ngrok. 
  I am always looking to expand my skill set and currently looking to learn PostgreSQL, Google Cloud, Mac OS and Swift. 
  I also have experience working with both Windows and Linux operating systems and am able to navigate and troubleshoot problems efficiently.